this is a giant centipede and
Mexico sonoran desert when this
critter gets hungry
it seeks out prey with its
antenna
it can paralyze and kill using
the poison claws on the
underside of its head
it mostly dines on bugs but
we'll go after larger meals up
to and including grasshopper
mice like this one
the giant centipede finds the
babies especially delectable
easily devouring one by itself
the centipede is on the prowl
the grasshopper mice are ready
and willing to defend their
young
just how evil they are will soon
find out
the adult vice take out battle
stations
who waits into the fray how the
female of course it takes all
the agility she's got to avoid
the centipedes venomous fangs
imagine a kung foo film starring
a giant centipede and a
grasshopper mouse
it would probably look something
like this
yeah
you've got to admit that Mouse
mom has got serious game
she finally whips the centipede
while the male looks on
no doubt who the warrior is in
this family
the mouse nibbles on the dead
center p turns out this battle
was never in question
rubber mice are simply the
superior predator
back in the nest the warrior
queen turns back into just play
mom
yeah